fix typo in devdocs/sysimg.md (#30678)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/devdocs/sysimg.md

3. `opt_size`

>     This cause the function for the target to be optimize for size when there isn't a significant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This causes the function for the target to be optimized for size when there isn't a significant
```
